Silver Care: connecting your watch

The website already accepts heart rate, steps and activity duration through an authenticated HTTPS endpoint. A watch with Bluetooth or Wi-Fi is not automatically compatible.

Recommended path if your watch firmware can be changed:
1. Ask the maker for the model, processor, firmware source and sensor formats.
2. Connect the watch to Wi-Fi and synchronize its clock.
3. In Silver Care > My Watch, create an adapter connection and select data permissions.
4. Provision the private connection key securely into the watch. Never put it in public source code, screenshots or URLs.
5. Have firmware POST readings over HTTPS with certificate verification. Do not disable TLS validation.
6. Check the last-sync time and the received readings in My Health.

Endpoint:
https://neighbour-time-bank.edward24122009.chatgpt.site/api/care-device

Header:
Authorization: CareDevice YOUR_PRIVATE_DEVICE_KEY
Content-Type: application/json

Example payload (replace with an actual sensor reading and current ISO time):
{"measurements":[{"id":"unique-reading-id","kind":"heart_rate","value":72,"unit":"bpm","measuredAt":"2026-10-03T02:00:00Z"}]}

Other kinds: steps (unit steps), activity_minutes (unit minutes).
Use stable unique reading IDs for retries. At most 100 readings per request.
Buffer while offline and retry with backoff. Keep original measuredAt timestamps.
Disconnect in My Watch to revoke access. Replacing permissions replaces the device key.
A device key can submit permitted readings, not read private records.

Bluetooth alternative:
Ask for BLE GATT service UUIDs, characteristic UUIDs, notification format and pairing/security requirements. Bluetooth alone does not reveal the sensor protocol. Browser Bluetooth support varies, so a companion app or Wi-Fi connection may be needed. Do not claim pairing until real readings are received and tested.

Send your developer: model name or clear watch/board photos, processor name, firmware source, sensor list and BLE protocol document if available.
